Waterfall Model
Prototype
V-Shaped
Iteration
Spriral

SW devl used to be on the whole application



Agile and Devops(implementing agile culture - help of tools)

ISI(Consumerables/Goods) /ISO(Process)
CMM- Capability Maturity Model(Software Devl. Process)

Login Process/Regn Process (Sprint 1)
  Scrum meeting (daily stanup meet)

Product Owner:Scrum Master

1 Sprint will span for a minimum 2 weeks and max 4 weeks
2. Sprint Review : Involves all stakeholders
3. Sprint Restospective meeting

artifacts : Burn down/up chart

DevOps- Automation process of the agile culture

NFR : Non functional References/requirements
     - Availability
     - Scalability
     - Reliability
     - Performance
     - Security

Git:Is an Open source distributed version Control System

GitHub: Source Code Management(SCM). Linus Trovaldus

Git Index : Is a staging directory

Git Commands & Steps
Create a Folder as a working folder in any drive of your machine
1.Git Init : This command will initialize the folder as a git Folder with lots of metadata information
2. You can configure your name and email using the below command
- git config --global user.name "<owner name>"
  git config --global user.email "<mail id with which you created your git account">

3. Create some files using echo/touch/cat
4 add files to the staging directory using below options
  - git add <filename> or git add .
5.You should commit the changes made to the staging directory as below
 - git commit -m "message"
6. Next we need to map our local repo with remote repo using
   -git remote add origin <url>(ensure you copy the remote repo url in the https format
7. Push the commits to the remote repo
  - git push -u origin master/main
8. If any changes are made to the remote repo, you can pull them from the remote using
  -git pull origin master/main

This will enable complete sync

9. For knowing the status of activities you can use
  - git status
10. use -git log to see all the commits with their ish number
 




















































